README.md, before:

# Awesome Cyber Monday 2025 🎉

> A curated list of the best Cyber Monday 2025 deals for developers, designers, and tech enthusiasts.

[![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)

Cyber Monday is the perfect time to grab amazing deals on software, tools, courses, and services. This list focuses on deals relevant to developers, designers, and tech professionals.

## 📅 Important Dates

- **Black Friday**: November 28, 2025
- **Cyber Monday**: December 1, 2025
- **Cyber Week**: November 28 - December 4, 2025

## 🎯 Contents

- [💻 Developer Tools](#-developer-tools)
- [🎨 Design Software](#-design-software)
- [📚 Courses & Learning](#-courses--learning)
- [🚀 SaaS Products](#-saas-products)
- [🔧 Productivity Tools](#-productivity-tools)
- [🌐 Hosting & Infrastructure](#-hosting--infrastructure)
- [📱 Mobile Apps](#-mobile-apps)
- [🎮 Hardware & Gadgets](#-hardware--gadgets)
- [🔐 Security & Privacy](#-security--privacy)
- [📊 Analytics & Marketing](#-analytics--marketing)

---

## 💻 Developer Tools

| Product | Description | Discount | Deal Link | Dates |
|---------|-------------|----------|-----------|-------|
| [Tower](https://www.git-tower.com/) | Powerful Git client for Mac and Windows | 30% OFF any plan for new customers only, no coupon needed | [Get Deal](https://www.git-tower.com/pricing) | Nov 25 - Dec 7 |
| [Vue PDF Viewer](https://www.vue-pdf-viewer.dev/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bfcm2025&utm_content=awesome-cyber-monday-2025) | Vue PDF Viewer is a Vue 3 + Nuxt-ready PDF viewer with advanced tooling like annotations, theming, responsive layouts, and programmatic control designed for production apps. | 30% OFF Viewer / 40% OFF Viewer+Annotation (auto-applied) | [Get Deal](https://www.vue-pdf-viewer.dev/pricing?utm_source=github&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bfcm2025&utm_content=awesome-cyber-monday-2025) | Nov 17 - Dec 1 |
| [React PDF](https://www.react-pdf.dev/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bfcm2025&utm_content=awesome-cyber-monday-2025) | React PDF is a React 18/19 + Next.js-ready PDF viewer, offering customizable UI, search, thumbnails, and smooth rendering optimized for large documents. | 30% OFF Developer / 40% OFF Organization (auto-applied) | [Get Deal](https://www.react-pdf.dev/pricing?utm_source=github&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bfcm2025&utm_content=awesome-cyber-monday-2025) | Nov 17 - Dec 1 |
| [RunJS](https://runjs.app) | JavaScript and TypeScript playground. Zero config needed. Write and run code with instant feedback. | **30% OFF** with code **BLACKFRIDAY2025** | Nov 17 - Dec 2 | 
| [Scrape Creators](https://scrapecreators.com/) | Real-time social media scraping API | Use code BLACKFRIDAY2025 for 50% OFF | [Get Deal](https://scrapecreators.com/) | Nov 28 only |
| [Hoverify](https://tryhoverify.com/) | All-in-one browser extension for web developers that helps you inspect, edit, test, debug, capture, and optimize websites faster. | 30% OFF on yearly subscription and LTD, no coupon needed | [Get Deal](https://tryhoverify.com/#pricing) | Nov 24 - Dec 4 |

## 🎨 Design Software

| Product | Description | Discount | Deal Link | Dates |
|---------|-------------|----------|-----------|-------|
|[Sitely 6](https://sitely.app) | Visual + AI Website Builder for macOS · Build the website you always wanted, visually on your Mac. | 50% OFF - NO CODE REQUIRED | [Get Deal](https://sitely.app/store) | Nov 14 - Dec 5 |
|[Savvyshot](https://savvyshot.app) | Snap and beautify screenshots instantly on Windows and Mac. | 50% OFF with code **CYBER2025** | [Get Deal](https://savvyshot.app/pricing) | Nov 18 - Dec 5 |
|[MGC UI](https://mgcui.framer.website/?utm_source=punk) | Design system and UI Kit for Figma | 30% OFF with code **BF2025**| [Get Deal](https://store.mingcute.com//?utm_source=punk) | Nov 15 - Dec 5 |
|[MGC ICON](https://mgc.mingcute.com/?utm_source=punk) | Carefully crafted icon pack collection featuring over 14,000 high-quality vector icons | 30% OFF with code **BF2025** | [Get Deal](https://store.mingcute.com/?utm_source=punk) | Nov 15 - Dec 5 |
|[MGC Animation](https://www.mingcute.com/animation?utm_source=punk) | 120+ lively and smooth animated icons | 30% OFF with code **BF2025** | [Get Deal](https://store.mingcute.com/?utm_source=punk) | Nov 15 - Dec 5 |
|[MGC Weather](https://mgcweather.framer.website/?utm_source=punk) | 120 graceful weather icons | 30% OFF with code **BF2025** | [Get Deal](https://store.mingcute.com/?utm_source=punk) | Nov 15 - Dec 5 |
| [Litur(macOS)](https://litur.app) | A designer’s best-kept secret, a developer's best friend. Litur helps you manage and improve your colors design workflow. | 30% OFF - NO CODE REQUIRED | [Get Deal](https://litur.app) | Nov 24th - Dec 4th |
| [Recut](https://getrecut.com) | Edit your videos faster with automatic silence removal | $50 OFF (automatic) | [Get Deal](https://getrecut.com/?ref=awesome-cyber-monday) | Nov 3rd - Dec 1st |

## 📚 Courses & Learning

| Product | Description | Discount | Deal Link | Dates |
|---------|-------------|----------|-----------|-------|
| [Vue School](https://vueschool.io/sales/blackfriday?friend=VUEPDF) | Comprehensive video courses for Vue, Nuxt, TypeScript, Pinia, and modern frontend practices, trusted by the Vue.js community. | 60% OFF a Yearly or Lifetime plan. Plus get 7 BONUS resources (worth $2,040) absolutely free | [Get Deal](https://vueschool.io/sales/blackfriday?friend=VUEPDF) | Live now |
| [Certificates.dev](https://certificates.dev/?friend=VUEPDF) | Get certified with official Vue & Nuxt certifications, plus expert-reviewed certifications for React, Angular & JavaScript. Includes hands-on coding exams, not just MCQ. Trusted by devs from IBM, Ford and 680+ companies. | Up to 60% OFF all mid & senior certifications + Bonus: 2 AI Dev Courses + Any Junior Certification included FREE with purchase. | [Get Deal](https://certificates.dev/?friend=VUEPDF) | Live now |
| [1:1 Guide for Engineering Managers](https://karloscodes.gumroad.com/l/team-1-1) | A guide for building better 1:1s through trust, encouragement, and real connection. | 60% OFF LIFETIME access | [Get Deal](https://karloscodes.gumroad.com/l/team-1-1/BLACKFDAY26) | Live now |

## 🚀 SaaS Products

| Product | Description | Discount | Deal Link | Dates |
|---------|-------------|----------|-----------|-------|
| [Transcript LOL](https://transcript.lol?utm_source=github&utm_campaign=awesome-cyber-monday-2025)| Unlimited ai transcriptions, summaries, chat |  20% OFF with code **BF2025** (70% off on annual plans) | [Redeem deal](https://transcript.lol?utm_source=github&utm_campaign=awesome-cyber-monday-2025) | Nov 15 - Dec 7|
| [SharpAPI](https://sharpapi.com/en/pricing) | AI-powered workflow automation API (e-commerce, marketing, HR & more) | **50% OFF** (use code `BF2025`) | [Get Deal](https://sharpapi.com/en/pricing) | Nov 24 – Dec 3 |  
| [PostFlow](https://postflow.app/?ref=punk) | Social media scheduler and platform to manage ALL your social media content. One click, all platforms, hours saved. | **30% OFF** (LIFETIME) with code **BF2025** | [Get Lifetime Deal](https://postflow.app/?ref=punk) | Nov 24 – Dec 1 |  
| [ChatUML](https://chatuml.com) | Generate Professional UML Diagrams with AI | **40% OFF** (use code `BLACKFRI25`) | [Get Deal](https://chatuml.com) | Nov 24 – Dec 1 |  
| [Notion Backups](https://notionbackups.com) | Easily back up and restore Notion workspaces | **40% off** on annual plans vs monthly pricing | [Get Started](https://notionbackups.com) | Nov 20 – Dec 4 |

## 🔧 Productivity Tools

| Product | Description | Discount | Deal Link | Dates |
|---------|-------------|----------|-----------|-------|
| [Airbounce for Zoom](https://www.airbounce.co/?utm_source=gh-blackfriday2025) | Upgrade your CapsLock key for easier Zoom calls on Mac! One button to join, mute/unmute, or leave — plus integration with your HomeKit smart light to show you're #OnAir. | **40% off** with **BLACKFRIDAY** (one-time purchase) | [Get Deal](https://www.airbounce.co/?utm_source=gh-blackfriday2025) | Nov 22 - Dec 6 |
| [Viso](https://getviso.app) | Beautiful minimal image viewer for macOS | 30% OFF - NO CODE REQUIRED | [Get Deal](https://getviso.app) | Nov 24th - Dec 4th |
| [FileMinutes](https://www.fileminutes.com/?utm_source=awesome-cyber-monday-2025) | A Better Way to Find Files on Your Mac | 50% OFF with code **BF2025** | [Get Lifetime Deal](https://www.fileminutes.com/pricing/?utm_source=awesome-cyber-monday-2025) | Nov 15 - Dec 7 |
| [Transcript LOL](https://transcript.lol?utm_source=github&utm_campaign=awesome-cyber-monday-2025)|  Unlimited ai transcriptions, summaries, chat |  20% OFF with code **BF2025** (70% off on annual plans) | [Redeem deal](https://transcript.lol?utm_source=github&utm_campaign=awesome-cyber-monday-2025) | Nov 15 - Dec 7|
| [DeskRest](https://deskrest.com/offers/?utm_source=awesome-cyber-monday-2025) | Smart break and posture reminder app for macOS. Transform your workday. | 60% OFF with code **BLACKFRIDAY** | [Get Lifetime Deal](https://deskrest.com/offers/?utm_source=awesome-cyber-monday-2025) | Nov 10 - Dec 3 |
| [XGetter](https://xgetter.com/?utm_source=awesome-cyber-monday-2025) | Media downloader - Download media from YouTube, Douyin, Instagram, X, TikTok and 50+ platforms | Buy Once, Use Forever, 30% off with discount code **BLACKFRIDAY2025** | [Get Deals](https://xgetter.com/cn#pricing) | Nov 15 - Dec 1 |
| [DeskMinder²](https://appps.od.ua/deskminder/) | A simple yet effective macOS app for people who get easily distracted. Create quick reminders & start tasks on your desktop | 50% OFF Lifetime | [Get Deals](https://apps.apple.com/ua/app/deskminder-reminders-tasks/id6740942938?mt=12) | Nov 24 - 28 |
| [Wins 3](https://wins.cool) |  Mac window manager — enhances the system App Switcher with Cmd-Tab Plus, improves Dock efficiency with Dock Preview, and offers many other practical features — all designed to feel just like Apple’s built-in features. |40% OFF with code **BLACKFRIDAY2025** | [Get Deals](https://wins.cool/html/pricing.html#price-section-anchor)| Nov 15 - Dec 2 |


## 🌐 Hosting & Infrastructure

| Product | Description | Discount | Deal Link | Dates |
|---------|-------------|----------|-----------|-------|
| | | | | |

## 📱 Mobile Apps

| Product | Description | Discount | Deal Link | Dates |
|---------|-------------|----------|-----------|-------|
| [Calorific - Nutrition Tracker](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-store/id6645043253) | Quickly capture your meals and get instant nutritional insights. | **30% OFF** yearly plan with code **BLACKFRIDAY** | [Redeem deal](https://apps.apple.com/redeem?ctx=offercodes&id=6645043253&code=BLACKFRIDAY) | Nov 14 - Dec 2 |
| [Capture - Quick Notes](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-store/id6458535284) | Easily capture your thoughts & ideas on the go and export them to your favourite apps. | **50% OFF** Lifetime plan with code **BLACKFRIDAY** | [Redeem deal](https://apps.apple.com/redeem?ctx=offercodes&id=6458535284&code=BLACKFRIDAY) | Nov 14 - Dec 2 |
| [Enhance Image Quality - Upscale](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-store/id6736931330) | Sharpen and refine images and videos. Most of the app models work completely offline. | **40% OFF** Lifetime plan with code CYBERMON25 | [Redeem deal](https://apps.apple.com/redeem?ctx=offercodes&id=6736931330&code=CYBERMON25) | Nov 17 - Dec 3 |
| [Pretty Progress - Countdown](https://prettyprogress.app/download) | Beautiful countdown widgets on your Home Screen (iOS & Android). | **50% OFF** Lifetime plan. No code needed | Available  in Paywall | Nov 24 - Dec 3 |
| [Litur(iOS)](https://litur.app) | A color picker for the real world. Litur helps you find and collect all the colors around you. | 33% OFF Lifetime | [Get Deal](https://litur.app) | Nov 24th - Dec 4th |
| [Blark](https://blark.app) | The best way to take monochrome/black & white pictures and videos on the iPhone and iPad. | 30% OFF Yearly Plan with <strong>BLARKFRIDAY</strong> | [Get Deal](https://apps.apple.com/redeem?ctx=offercodes&id=6742157071&code=BLARKFRIDAY)<br><br>Available also on PayWall | Nov 24th - Dec 4th |
| [Walk Mate](https://apple.co/4mz7vev) | Daily random walking routes in your location. (iOS) | 50% OFF Lifetime with <strong>BLCKFRDY25</strong> | [Get Deal](https://apps.apple.com/redeem?ctx=offercodes&id=6739468121&code=BLCKFRDY25)<br><br>Available also on PayWall | Nov 13th - Dec 31th |
| [EV Charge Stations Map](https://apple.co/3NWejUz) | Long distance EV route planner and charge stations. (iOS) | 50% OFF Lifetime with <strong>BLCKFRDY25</strong> | [Get Deal](https://apps.apple.com/redeem?ctx=offercodes&id=6466442459&code=BLCKFRDY25)<br><br>Available also on PayWall | Nov 13th - Dec 31th |
| [Travel Route Map](https://apple.co/3NZrXqi) | Animate your travel destinations on the world map. (iOS) | 50% OFF Lifetime with <strong>BLCKFRDY25</strong> | [Get Deal](https://apps.apple.com/redeem?ctx=offercodes&id=6504141706&code=BLCKFRDY25)<br><br>Available also on PayWall | Nov 13th - Dec 31th |

## 🎮 Hardware & Gadgets

| Product | Description | Discount | Deal Link | Dates |
|---------|-------------|----------|-----------|-------|
| | | | | |

## 🔐 Security & Privacy

| Product | Description | Discount | Deal Link | Dates |
|---------|-------------|----------|-----------|-------|
| | | | | |

## 📊 Analytics & Marketing

| Product | Description | Discount | Deal Link | Dates |
|---------|-------------|----------|-----------|-------|
| [AskCory](https://marketing.askcory.ai/) |	Elevate your marketing strategy with AI. Create customised plans and access industry benchmarks in minutes. | 67% OFF on all plans with code CM25 | [Get Deal](https://marketing.askcory.ai/billing) | Nov 28 - Dec 1 |
| [UXWizz](https://www.uxwizz.com?ref=acm-2025) | Self-hosted Website Analytics with Session Recordings, Heatmaps, Error Tracking, AI and more. | 50% OFF - Buy Once, Use Forever | [Get Deal](https://uxwizz.com/pricing?ref=acm-2025) | Nov 23 - Dec 1 |
| [Ring Tonic](https://ringtonic.app?ref=acm-2025) | Ring Tonic is a modern AI-Powered Call Tracking & Analytics platform that helps businesses understand which marketing efforts drive phone calls, automatically qualify leads, and extract valuable insights from every conversation—without the traditional 400-500% markup competitors charge. | 35% OFF & Lifetime Deal | [Get Deal](https://ringtonic.app/pricing?ref=acm-2025) | Nov 23 - Dec 2 |

## 🔎 SEO

| Product | Description | Discount | Deal Link | Dates |
|---------|-------------|----------|-----------|-------|
| [SEO Utils](https://seoutils.app?ref=acm-2025) | All-in-one SEO platform for traditional SEO, local SEO, and AI Search Optimization (GEO/AEO). Track rankings across Google, Google Maps, Bing, ChatGPT, AI Overviews, and AI Mode with powerful analytics and automation. Enjoy privacy-first GSC integration with data retention beyond 16 months, SERP & semantic clustering, topic clusters, and auto-indexing for Google, Bing, Yandex, and more. | 20% OFF & Lifetime Deal | [Get Deal](https://seoutils.app/pricing?ref=acm-2025) | Nov 23 - Dec 2 |

---

## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions! Please read our [Contributing Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) before submitting a pull request.

## ⭐ How to Use This List

1. **Star this repo** to keep track of deals
2. **Watch** for updates as new deals are added
3. **Share** with your friends and colleagues
4. **Contribute** by submitting deals you find

## 📜 Deal Verification

- ✅ All deals are verified before being added
- 🔄 We update deals regularly during Cyber Week
- ⚠️ Deals may expire or change without notice
- 🔗 We use clean links (no affiliate links without disclosure)

## 📢 Spread the Word

If you find this list helpful, please share it:
- Star this repository ⭐
- Share on Twitter/X with #CyberMonday2025
- Share in your developer communities

## 📄 License

[![CC0](https://licensebuttons.net/p/zero/1.0/88x31.png)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

This list is available under the CC0 license. No copyright reserved.

---

**Disclaimer**: This is a community-driven list. We are not responsible for the accuracy of deals or the quality of products. Always verify deals on the official websites before purchasing.

Commit message:

Add CampaignKit Email Validation to promotions list

README.md, after:

# Awesome Cyber Monday 2025 🎉

> A curated list of the best Cyber Monday 2025 deals for developers, designers, and tech enthusiasts.

[![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)

Cyber Monday is the perfect time to grab amazing deals on software, tools, courses, and services. This list focuses on deals relevant to developers, designers, and tech professionals.

## 📅 Important Dates

- **Black Friday**: November 28, 2025
- **Cyber Monday**: December 1, 2025
- **Cyber Week**: November 28 - December 4, 2025

## 🎯 Contents

- [💻 Developer Tools](#-developer-tools)
- [🎨 Design Software](#-design-software)
- [📚 Courses & Learning](#-courses--learning)
- [🚀 SaaS Products](#-saas-products)
- [🔧 Productivity Tools](#-productivity-tools)
- [🌐 Hosting & Infrastructure](#-hosting--infrastructure)
- [📱 Mobile Apps](#-mobile-apps)
- [🎮 Hardware & Gadgets](#-hardware--gadgets)
- [🔐 Security & Privacy](#-security--privacy)
- [📊 Analytics & Marketing](#-analytics--marketing)

---

## 💻 Developer Tools

| Product | Description | Discount | Deal Link | Dates |
|---------|-------------|----------|-----------|-------|
| [Tower](https://www.git-tower.com/) | Powerful Git client for Mac and Windows | 30% OFF any plan for new customers only, no coupon needed | [Get Deal](https://www.git-tower.com/pricing) | Nov 25 - Dec 7 |
| [Vue PDF Viewer](https://www.vue-pdf-viewer.dev/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bfcm2025&utm_content=awesome-cyber-monday-2025) | Vue PDF Viewer is a Vue 3 + Nuxt-ready PDF viewer with advanced tooling like annotations, theming, responsive layouts, and programmatic control designed for production apps. | 30% OFF Viewer / 40% OFF Viewer+Annotation (auto-applied) | [Get Deal](https://www.vue-pdf-viewer.dev/pricing?utm_source=github&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bfcm2025&utm_content=awesome-cyber-monday-2025) | Nov 17 - Dec 1 |
| [React PDF](https://www.react-pdf.dev/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bfcm2025&utm_content=awesome-cyber-monday-2025) | React PDF is a React 18/19 + Next.js-ready PDF viewer, offering customizable UI, search, thumbnails, and smooth rendering optimized for large documents. | 30% OFF Developer / 40% OFF Organization (auto-applied) | [Get Deal](https://www.react-pdf.dev/pricing?utm_source=github&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=bfcm2025&utm_content=awesome-cyber-monday-2025) | Nov 17 - Dec 1 |
| [RunJS](https://runjs.app) | JavaScript and TypeScript playground. Zero config needed. Write and run code with instant feedback. | **30% OFF** with code **BLACKFRIDAY2025** | Nov 17 - Dec 2 | 
| [Scrape Creators](https://scrapecreators.com/) | Real-time social media scraping API | Use code BLACKFRIDAY2025 for 50% OFF | [Get Deal](https://scrapecreators.com/) | Nov 28 only |
| [Hoverify](https://tryhoverify.com/) | All-in-one browser extension for web developers that helps you inspect, edit, test, debug, capture, and optimize websites faster. | 30% OFF on yearly subscription and LTD, no coupon needed | [Get Deal](https://tryhoverify.com/#pricing) | Nov 24 - Dec 4 |

## 🎨 Design Software

| Product | Description | Discount | Deal Link | Dates |
|---------|-------------|----------|-----------|-------|
|[Sitely 6](https://sitely.app) | Visual + AI Website Builder for macOS · Build the website you always wanted, visually on your Mac. | 50% OFF - NO CODE REQUIRED | [Get Deal](https://sitely.app/store) | Nov 14 - Dec 5 |
|[Savvyshot](https://savvyshot.app) | Snap and beautify screenshots instantly on Windows and Mac. | 50% OFF with code **CYBER2025** | [Get Deal](https://savvyshot.app/pricing) | Nov 18 - Dec 5 |
|[MGC UI](https://mgcui.framer.website/?utm_source=punk) | Design system and UI Kit for Figma | 30% OFF with code **BF2025**| [Get Deal](https://store.mingcute.com//?utm_source=punk) | Nov 15 - Dec 5 |
|[MGC ICON](https://mgc.mingcute.com/?utm_source=punk) | Carefully crafted icon pack collection featuring over 14,000 high-quality vector icons | 30% OFF with code **BF2025** | [Get Deal](https://store.mingcute.com/?utm_source=punk) | Nov 15 - Dec 5 |
|[MGC Animation](https://www.mingcute.com/animation?utm_source=punk) | 120+ lively and smooth animated icons | 30% OFF with code **BF2025** | [Get Deal](https://store.mingcute.com/?utm_source=punk) | Nov 15 - Dec 5 |
|[MGC Weather](https://mgcweather.framer.website/?utm_source=punk) | 120 graceful weather icons | 30% OFF with code **BF2025** | [Get Deal](https://store.mingcute.com/?utm_source=punk) | Nov 15 - Dec 5 |
| [Litur(macOS)](https://litur.app) | A designer’s best-kept secret, a developer's best friend. Litur helps you manage and improve your colors design workflow. | 30% OFF - NO CODE REQUIRED | [Get Deal](https://litur.app) | Nov 24th - Dec 4th |
| [Recut](https://getrecut.com) | Edit your videos faster with automatic silence removal | $50 OFF (automatic) | [Get Deal](https://getrecut.com/?ref=awesome-cyber-monday) | Nov 3rd - Dec 1st |

## 📚 Courses & Learning

| Product | Description | Discount | Deal Link | Dates |
|---------|-------------|----------|-----------|-------|
| [Vue School](https://vueschool.io/sales/blackfriday?friend=VUEPDF) | Comprehensive video courses for Vue, Nuxt, TypeScript, Pinia, and modern frontend practices, trusted by the Vue.js community. | 60% OFF a Yearly or Lifetime plan. Plus get 7 BONUS resources (worth $2,040) absolutely free | [Get Deal](https://vueschool.io/sales/blackfriday?friend=VUEPDF) | Live now |
| [Certificates.dev](https://certificates.dev/?friend=VUEPDF) | Get certified with official Vue & Nuxt certifications, plus expert-reviewed certifications for React, Angular & JavaScript. Includes hands-on coding exams, not just MCQ. Trusted by devs from IBM, Ford and 680+ companies. | Up to 60% OFF all mid & senior certifications + Bonus: 2 AI Dev Courses + Any Junior Certification included FREE with purchase. | [Get Deal](https://certificates.dev/?friend=VUEPDF) | Live now |
| [1:1 Guide for Engineering Managers](https://karloscodes.gumroad.com/l/team-1-1) | A guide for building better 1:1s through trust, encouragement, and real connection. | 60% OFF LIFETIME access | [Get Deal](https://karloscodes.gumroad.com/l/team-1-1/BLACKFDAY26) | Live now |

## 🚀 SaaS Products

| Product | Description | Discount | Deal Link | Dates |
|---------|-------------|----------|-----------|-------|
| [Transcript LOL](https://transcript.lol?utm_source=github&utm_campaign=awesome-cyber-monday-2025)| Unlimited ai transcriptions, summaries, chat |  20% OFF with code **BF2025** (70% off on annual plans) | [Redeem deal](https://transcript.lol?utm_source=github&utm_campaign=awesome-cyber-monday-2025) | Nov 15 - Dec 7|
| [SharpAPI](https://sharpapi.com/en/pricing) | AI-powered workflow automation API (e-commerce, marketing, HR & more) | **50% OFF** (use code `BF2025`) | [Get Deal](https://sharpapi.com/en/pricing) | Nov 24 – Dec 3 |  
| [PostFlow](https://postflow.app/?ref=punk) | Social media scheduler and platform to manage ALL your social media content. One click, all platforms, hours saved. | **30% OFF** (LIFETIME) with code **BF2025** | [Get Lifetime Deal](https://postflow.app/?ref=punk) | Nov 24 – Dec 1 |  
| [ChatUML](https://chatuml.com) | Generate Professional UML Diagrams with AI | **40% OFF** (use code `BLACKFRI25`) | [Get Deal](https://chatuml.com) | Nov 24 – Dec 1 |  
| [Notion Backups](https://notionbackups.com) | Easily back up and restore Notion workspaces | **40% off** on annual plans vs monthly pricing | [Get Started](https://notionbackups.com) | Nov 20 – Dec 4 |

## 🔧 Productivity Tools

| Product | Description | Discount | Deal Link | Dates |
|---------|-------------|----------|-----------|-------|
| [Airbounce for Zoom](https://www.airbounce.co/?utm_source=gh-blackfriday2025) | Upgrade your CapsLock key for easier Zoom calls on Mac! One button to join, mute/unmute, or leave — plus integration with your HomeKit smart light to show you're #OnAir. | **40% off** with **BLACKFRIDAY** (one-time purchase) | [Get Deal](https://www.airbounce.co/?utm_source=gh-blackfriday2025) | Nov 22 - Dec 6 |
| [Viso](https://getviso.app) | Beautiful minimal image viewer for macOS | 30% OFF - NO CODE REQUIRED | [Get Deal](https://getviso.app) | Nov 24th - Dec 4th |
| [FileMinutes](https://www.fileminutes.com/?utm_source=awesome-cyber-monday-2025) | A Better Way to Find Files on Your Mac | 50% OFF with code **BF2025** | [Get Lifetime Deal](https://www.fileminutes.com/pricing/?utm_source=awesome-cyber-monday-2025) | Nov 15 - Dec 7 |
| [Transcript LOL](https://transcript.lol?utm_source=github&utm_campaign=awesome-cyber-monday-2025)|  Unlimited ai transcriptions, summaries, chat |  20% OFF with code **BF2025** (70% off on annual plans) | [Redeem deal](https://transcript.lol?utm_source=github&utm_campaign=awesome-cyber-monday-2025) | Nov 15 - Dec 7|
| [DeskRest](https://deskrest.com/offers/?utm_source=awesome-cyber-monday-2025) | Smart break and posture reminder app for macOS. Transform your workday. | 60% OFF with code **BLACKFRIDAY** | [Get Lifetime Deal](https://deskrest.com/offers/?utm_source=awesome-cyber-monday-2025) | Nov 10 - Dec 3 |
| [XGetter](https://xgetter.com/?utm_source=awesome-cyber-monday-2025) | Media downloader - Download media from YouTube, Douyin, Instagram, X, TikTok and 50+ platforms | Buy Once, Use Forever, 30% off with discount code **BLACKFRIDAY2025** | [Get Deals](https://xgetter.com/cn#pricing) | Nov 15 - Dec 1 |
| [DeskMinder²](https://appps.od.ua/deskminder/) | A simple yet effective macOS app for people who get easily distracted. Create quick reminders & start tasks on your desktop | 50% OFF Lifetime | [Get Deals](https://apps.apple.com/ua/app/deskminder-reminders-tasks/id6740942938?mt=12) | Nov 24 - 28 |
| [Wins 3](https://wins.cool) |  Mac window manager — enhances the system App Switcher with Cmd-Tab Plus, improves Dock efficiency with Dock Preview, and offers many other practical features — all designed to feel just like Apple’s built-in features. |40% OFF with code **BLACKFRIDAY2025** | [Get Deals](https://wins.cool/html/pricing.html#price-section-anchor)| Nov 15 - Dec 2 |


## 🌐 Hosting & Infrastructure

| Product | Description | Discount | Deal Link | Dates |
|---------|-------------|----------|-----------|-------|
| | | | | |

## 📱 Mobile Apps

| Product | Description | Discount | Deal Link | Dates |
|---------|-------------|----------|-----------|-------|
| [Calorific - Nutrition Tracker](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-store/id6645043253) | Quickly capture your meals and get instant nutritional insights. | **30% OFF** yearly plan with code **BLACKFRIDAY** | [Redeem deal](https://apps.apple.com/redeem?ctx=offercodes&id=6645043253&code=BLACKFRIDAY) | Nov 14 - Dec 2 |
| [Capture - Quick Notes](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-store/id6458535284) | Easily capture your thoughts & ideas on the go and export them to your favourite apps. | **50% OFF** Lifetime plan with code **BLACKFRIDAY** | [Redeem deal](https://apps.apple.com/redeem?ctx=offercodes&id=6458535284&code=BLACKFRIDAY) | Nov 14 - Dec 2 |
| [Enhance Image Quality - Upscale](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-store/id6736931330) | Sharpen and refine images and videos. Most of the app models work completely offline. | **40% OFF** Lifetime plan with code CYBERMON25 | [Redeem deal](https://apps.apple.com/redeem?ctx=offercodes&id=6736931330&code=CYBERMON25) | Nov 17 - Dec 3 |
| [Pretty Progress - Countdown](https://prettyprogress.app/download) | Beautiful countdown widgets on your Home Screen (iOS & Android). | **50% OFF** Lifetime plan. No code needed | Available  in Paywall | Nov 24 - Dec 3 |
| [Litur(iOS)](https://litur.app) | A color picker for the real world. Litur helps you find and collect all the colors around you. | 33% OFF Lifetime | [Get Deal](https://litur.app) | Nov 24th - Dec 4th |
| [Blark](https://blark.app) | The best way to take monochrome/black & white pictures and videos on the iPhone and iPad. | 30% OFF Yearly Plan with <strong>BLARKFRIDAY</strong> | [Get Deal](https://apps.apple.com/redeem?ctx=offercodes&id=6742157071&code=BLARKFRIDAY)<br><br>Available also on PayWall | Nov 24th - Dec 4th |
| [Walk Mate](https://apple.co/4mz7vev) | Daily random walking routes in your location. (iOS) | 50% OFF Lifetime with <strong>BLCKFRDY25</strong> | [Get Deal](https://apps.apple.com/redeem?ctx=offercodes&id=6739468121&code=BLCKFRDY25)<br><br>Available also on PayWall | Nov 13th - Dec 31th |
| [EV Charge Stations Map](https://apple.co/3NWejUz) | Long distance EV route planner and charge stations. (iOS) | 50% OFF Lifetime with <strong>BLCKFRDY25</strong> | [Get Deal](https://apps.apple.com/redeem?ctx=offercodes&id=6466442459&code=BLCKFRDY25)<br><br>Available also on PayWall | Nov 13th - Dec 31th |
| [Travel Route Map](https://apple.co/3NZrXqi) | Animate your travel destinations on the world map. (iOS) | 50% OFF Lifetime with <strong>BLCKFRDY25</strong> | [Get Deal](https://apps.apple.com/redeem?ctx=offercodes&id=6504141706&code=BLCKFRDY25)<br><br>Available also on PayWall | Nov 13th - Dec 31th |

## 🎮 Hardware & Gadgets

| Product | Description | Discount | Deal Link | Dates |
|---------|-------------|----------|-----------|-------|
| | | | | |

## 🔐 Security & Privacy

| Product | Description | Discount | Deal Link | Dates |
|---------|-------------|----------|-----------|-------|
| | | | | |

## 📊 Analytics & Marketing

| Product | Description | Discount | Deal Link | Dates |
|---------|-------------|----------|-----------|-------|
| [AskCory](https://marketing.askcory.ai/) |	Elevate your marketing strategy with AI. Create customised plans and access industry benchmarks in minutes. | 67% OFF on all plans with code CM25 | [Get Deal](https://marketing.askcory.ai/billing) | Nov 28 - Dec 1 |
| [UXWizz](https://www.uxwizz.com?ref=acm-2025) | Self-hosted Website Analytics with Session Recordings, Heatmaps, Error Tracking, AI and more. | 50% OFF - Buy Once, Use Forever | [Get Deal](https://uxwizz.com/pricing?ref=acm-2025) | Nov 23 - Dec 1 |
| [Ring Tonic](https://ringtonic.app?ref=acm-2025) | Ring Tonic is a modern AI-Powered Call Tracking & Analytics platform that helps businesses understand which marketing efforts drive phone calls, automatically qualify leads, and extract valuable insights from every conversation—without the traditional 400-500% markup competitors charge. | 35% OFF & Lifetime Deal | [Get Deal](https://ringtonic.app/pricing?ref=acm-2025) | Nov 23 - Dec 2 |
| [CampaignKit Email Validation](https://campaignkit.cc) | Email list validation and cleaning to protect your sender reputation and maximize deliverability. | 50% OFF with code BF2025 | [Get Deal](https://campaignkit.cc/pricing) | No 26 - Dec 6 |

## 🔎 SEO

| Product | Description | Discount | Deal Link | Dates |
|---------|-------------|----------|-----------|-------|
| [SEO Utils](https://seoutils.app?ref=acm-2025) | All-in-one SEO platform for traditional SEO, local SEO, and AI Search Optimization (GEO/AEO). Track rankings across Google, Google Maps, Bing, ChatGPT, AI Overviews, and AI Mode with powerful analytics and automation. Enjoy privacy-first GSC integration with data retention beyond 16 months, SERP & semantic clustering, topic clusters, and auto-indexing for Google, Bing, Yandex, and more. | 20% OFF & Lifetime Deal | [Get Deal](https://seoutils.app/pricing?ref=acm-2025) | Nov 23 - Dec 2 |

---

## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions! Please read our [Contributing Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) before submitting a pull request.

## ⭐ How to Use This List

1. **Star this repo** to keep track of deals
2. **Watch** for updates as new deals are added
3. **Share** with your friends and colleagues
4. **Contribute** by submitting deals you find

## 📜 Deal Verification

- ✅ All deals are verified before being added
- 🔄 We update deals regularly during Cyber Week
- ⚠️ Deals may expire or change without notice
- 🔗 We use clean links (no affiliate links without disclosure)

## 📢 Spread the Word

If you find this list helpful, please share it:
- Star this repository ⭐
- Share on Twitter/X with #CyberMonday2025
- Share in your developer communities

## 📄 License

[![CC0](https://licensebuttons.net/p/zero/1.0/88x31.png)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

This list is available under the CC0 license. No copyright reserved.

---

**Disclaimer**: This is a community-driven list. We are not responsible for the accuracy of deals or the quality of products. Always verify deals on the official websites before purchasing.
